---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "p0_azure Resource - p0"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Microsoft Azure installation.
---

# p0_azure (Resource)

A Microsoft Azure installation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "p0_azure" "example" {
  directory_id = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `directory_id` (String) The Microsoft Azure Directory ID

### Read-Only

- `app_name` (String) The name of the Azure application P0 uses to communicate with your Microsoft Azure organization. This name is used to identify the app in the Azure portal.
- `credential_info` (Attributes) The credential information to setup Azure application federated credentials. This is used to authenticate P0 with your Microsoft Azure organization. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_info))
- `service_account_email` (String) The service identity email that P0 uses to communicate with your Microsoft Azure organization
- `service_account_id` (String) The service identity ID that P0 uses to communicate with your Microsoft Azure organization
- `state` (String) This item's install progress in the P0 application:
	- 'stage': The item has been staged for installation
	- 'configure': The item is available to be added to P0, and may be configured
	- 'installed': The item is fully installed

<a id="nestedatt--credential_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_info`

Read-Only:

- `audiences` (List of String) The audience of the Azure application federated credential. This is used to establish a connection with the P0 service account
- `description` (String) The description of the Azure application federated credential.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer of the Azure application federated credential.
- `name` (String) The display name of the Azure application federated credential.
