---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "p0_gcp_security_perimeter_staged Resource - p0"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A staged installation of the P0 Security Perimeter, for a Google Cloud Project,
  which creates a security boundary for P0.
  To use this resource, you must also:
  Install the p0_gcp_iam_write resource.Deploy the P0 Security Perimeter cloud run service and the corresponding service account.install the p0_gcp_security_perimeter resource.
---

# p0_gcp_security_perimeter_staged (Resource)

A staged installation of the P0 Security Perimeter, for a Google Cloud Project,
which creates a security boundary for P0.

To use this resource, you must also:
- Install the `p0_gcp_iam_write` resource.
- Deploy the P0 Security Perimeter cloud run service and the corresponding service account.
- install the `p0_gcp_security_perimeter` resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) The ID of the Google Cloud project to manage with P0

### Read-Only

- `allowed_domains` (String) The list of domains that are allowed to access the Cloud Run service.
- `custom_role` (Attributes) Describes the custom role that should be created and assigned to P0's service account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_role))
- `image_digest` (String) The hash value of the image that is deployed to the Cloud Run service.
- `project_reader_role` (Attributes) Describes the project reader role that should be created and assigned to P0's service account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project_reader_role))
- `required_permissions` (List of String) A list of permissions required by the security perimeter invoker role.
- `state` (String) This item's install progress in the P0 application:
	- 'stage': The item has been staged for installation
	- 'configure': The item is available to be added to P0, and may be configured
	- 'installed': The item is fully installed

<a id="nestedatt--custom_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_role`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The custom role expected identifier
- `name` (String) The custom role's expected title


<a id="nestedatt--project_reader_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_reader_role`

Read-Only:

- `custom_role` (Attributes) Describes the custom role that should be created and assigned to P0's service account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project_reader_role--custom_role))
- `required_permissions` (List of String) Described the permissions that the project reader role should contain.

<a id="nestedatt--project_reader_role--custom_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_reader_role.custom_role`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The custom role expected identifier
- `name` (String) The custom role's expected title
