---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "p0_kubernetes_staged Resource - p0"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A staged K8s integration. Staged resources are used to generate configurations and PKI values.
  Disclaimer: This resource currently only supports installation against an AWS EKS cluster. Support for Azure, GCP, and self-hosted clusters will
  be added in a future release.
  Important: This resource only initiates the installation process for a k8s integration. It is intended to be used in conjunction with the
  'p0_kubernetes' resource, which completes the final steps of the installation. Before using this resource, please read the instructions
  for the 'p0_kubernetes' resource.
---

# p0_kubernetes_staged (Resource)

A staged K8s integration. Staged resources are used to generate configurations and PKI values.

**Disclaimer**: This resource currently only supports installation against an AWS EKS cluster. Support for Azure, GCP, and self-hosted clusters will
be added in a future release.
		
**Important**: This resource only initiates the installation process for a k8s integration. It is intended to be used in conjunction with the 
'p0_kubernetes' resource, which completes the final steps of the installation. Before using this resource, please read the instructions 
for the 'p0_kubernetes' resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `certificate_authority` (String) The base-64 encoded certificate authority of the cluster
- `cluster_arn` (String) The ARN of the cluster
- `cluster_endpoint` (String) The server API endpoint of the cluster
- `id` (String) The display name of the cluster

### Optional

- `connectivity_type` (String) One of:
	- 'proxy' (default): The integration will connect to the cluster via P0's proxy service. 
	- 'public': The integration will connect to the cluster via the public internet
- `hosting_type` (String) The hosting type for the cluster

### Read-Only

- `ca_bundle` (String) The generated certificate authority bundle used by the admission controller
- `server_cert` (String) The generated certficate used by the admission controller
- `server_key` (String) The generated private key used by the admission controller
